feat(curriculum): update certification intro articles (#62556)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-certification-introduction/68dc1abc67b9c4aac3a6837c.md

## Trying Third-Party Keyboards  

> You can also check out different apps for your phone or tablet to use the Spanish keyboard with ease. These apps often offer handy features like smart suggestions, support for multiple languages, and faster ways to type those tricky accents!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install different apps for your phone or tablet to use the Spanish keyboard with ease. These apps often offer handy features like smart suggestions, support for multiple languages, and faster ways to type accent marks.
```
I would suggest omitting "tricky" to avoid mentioning that accent marks are difficult to learn. This could predispose students to believing that this will be complicated when they are just starting.

> Now you are all set to go through the Spanish curriculum and complete the tasks, specially those that require accents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are all set to go through the Spanish curriculum and complete the tasks, specially those that require accent marks.
```
